 Project Overview
We want to build a web-based cybersecurity news aggregator and alert system that automatically scrapes the latest news from TheHackerNews, parses it into structured JSON format, and allows users to receive real-time alerts when news articles match specific cyber threat keywords. The data will also be displayed on a clean, modern frontend dashboard.

🔧 Core Features (End-to-End)
1. News Scraper Backend
Scrape latest articles from the Hacker News homepage.

Extract the following per article:

title (string)

summary or description (string)

url to full article (string)

date of publication (string)

tags or categories (list of strings)

image_url (optional thumbnail image link)

Return all news articles in a structured JSON array.

✳️ Use Python 3 + BeautifulSoup4 or Selenium.
✳️ Avoid scraping ads or irrelevant blocks.
✳️ Ensure duplicate news is not returned if script is run repeatedly.

2. Data Cleaning + JSON Construction
After scraping, format each article into a dictionary like:

json
Copy
Edit
{
  "title": "Malicious Go Modules Deliver Disk-Wiping Linux Malware...",
  "summary": "Cybersecurity researchers have discovered three malicious Go modules...",
  "url": "https://thehackernews.com/...",
  "date": "2025-05-03",
  "tags": ["Malware", "Supply Chain Attack"],
  "image_url": "https://cdn.example.com/image.jpg"
}
Return this as a list in JSON format (JSON array).

3. Real-Time Alert System
Maintain a customizable list of threat keywords, e.g.:

python
Copy
Edit
["zero-day", "ransomware", "CVE", "phishing", "APT", "DDoS"]
When the script runs:

Scan the title and summary of each article.

If any keyword is found (case-insensitive), flag the article with:

json
Copy
Edit
"alert": true,
"matched_keywords": ["ransomware", "CVE"]
Send an email alert or browser push notification if:

alert == true for any article

Use smtplib or SendGrid for email delivery.

4. Local API (Backend Endpoint)
Build an API endpoint to serve the scraped JSON data.

Use Flask or FastAPI to expose this endpoint:

GET /api/news → returns full list of news as JSON

GET /api/alerts → returns only articles with alert == true

Add basic rate limiting and CORS if public

5. Frontend Dashboard (Optional but Preferred)
Build a simple web UI to:

Feature	Details
📰 Live Feed	Shows latest headlines, summaries, tags, and publish date.
🔍 Filter by Tag or Keyword	Users can filter for "Malware", "Phishing", etc.
🔔 Highlight Alerts	Articles with alert == true should appear with red border or bell icon.
🧾 Article Detail View	Clicking a headline expands full summary and "Read More" link.

✳️ Use React.js (with Tailwind or Bootstrap for UI)
✳️ Call /api/news for data and render it dynamically
✳️ Use color coding or icons to flag alerts

6. (Optional) Add Weekly Digest Feature
Automatically send a weekly email summary of top 5-10 articles.

Include article title, summary, date, and link.

Use a simple scheduler (schedule, cron, or Celery + Redis if complex)

🧱 Tech Stack Guidelines
Layer	Tech
Scraper	Python 3, BeautifulSoup4 or Selenium
JSON Handling	Built-in json module
API Backend	Flask or FastAPI
Alert Email	Python smtplib, or SendGrid/Mailgun
Frontend	React.js (optional: Tailwind CSS or Bootstrap)
Hosting (optional)	Render, Heroku, or any server with Python support
Database (optional)	SQLite or MongoDB to store history

🚀 Deliverables
✅ Python script for scraping and generating JSON

✅ Keyword-based alert detection system

✅ API that returns latest scraped data in JSON

✅ Working frontend dashboard (if included)

✅ Email alert system (with SMTP config)

✅ Documentation or README with:

How to install/run the script

How to configure keyword list and SMTP

JSON structure format

API endpoint guide



make a inter